Questions about the study:  Rodriguez2003 

Please look at the attached html report Rodriguez2003.html and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information?
ANSWER: Yes. It is correct.

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information?
ANSWER: Yes. It is correct.
3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: Yes. It is correct.

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER:It is incorrect.  
71°53’ – 71°59’ S; 34°09’-34°15’W

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: It is incorrect. Longitude -71.95; Latitude -34.2

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: It is complete.

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: It is incomplete. EG= Pinus radiate.

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: In Metadata.csv file attached, was completed the information.

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: There are not outliers.

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: I agree.

11. Can you please clarify the units for the "Leaf area" and "Sapwood_area" variables? 
ANSWER: Leaf area in m2. Sapwood area in cm2. 

12. Could you please specify the variables used to measure SLA, Sapwood area and leaf area?
ANSWER: SLA is related with crown positio and treatment (cm2g-1). Sapwood area as the proportion with leaf area. Leaf area is related with tree and treatment.

13. How would you define Cerrado in terms of the categories adopted for our database?
ANSWER: I don,t find the concept cerrado.

14. Could you please provide specific coordinates for your sampled locations?
ANSWER: 71°55’54.52" S; 34°09’-34°12’07.48” W

