Questions about the study:  Roberts2004

1. In the studyMetadata file you provided a statistics summary of your variables. While we appreciate your effort, we attempt to provide a very brief description of methods for each variable. traits and Other variables are also methodological descriptions of variables that may be included in the original datatset but are not listed within the main variables above. For example:

Leaf area,"Leaf supporting apices were counted on harvested individuals. For the 5 adult trees,  all leaves were counted attach on twigs belong to 25 apices, and leaf area was measured for a random sample of 30 leaves. For juveniles, all apices and leaves were counted, and leaf area was measured for all leaves (or a random sample of 30 leaves). From this, total leaf area was calculated per tree as the product of the mean leaf area, mean number of leaves per apex, and the total number of apici in the crown. "
Stem cross sectional area,"These were calculated from two perpendicular diameter of stem cross section at the stem base, assuming the stem cross section has a circular shape."
Height,"Height was measured as the vertical distance from stem base to highest point in the crown. For tall trees, this distance was measured for the harvested tree using a centimeter. For juveniles, height was measured on standing trees."
Crown area,"Crown width was measured in two perpendicular directions on adults, using a Suunto clino meter . Crown area was calculated, assuming an ellipsoid crown form"
Biomass,"The total leaf mass was calculated as the product of the number of apices, the average number of leaves on the twig of an apex, and the average leaf area"
traits,"On randoms samples of 30 leaves per trees, we collected the individual leaf area, leaf mass, and leaf mass per area. We determined the wood density for the adult trees from wood disks at the stem base."
Growth environment,"The five big trees were dominant trees and therefore considered fully exposed. The 10 small trees were suppressed, but came from a vareity of light conditions: from relative open gap to closed sites in the forest. Field wild"
Other variables,"We also calculated the allocation to wood (secondary growth), wood in new twig segments (primary growth), leaves and fruits. We therefore calculated the amount of biomass in the outer tree ring, based on wood disks taken at different height. We also measured the twig woody segment biomass and fruit biomass for a sample of 30 apices in tall trees, and of all apices in small trees. We could thus estimate the total biomass invested in wood, twig woody segment, leaves and fruits in the whole tree"


Could you please follow the example and do that for the variables:
1. Leaf area;
2. Stem cross sectional area;
3. Height;
4. Crown area;
5. traits (if applicable);
6. Other vaiables (if applicacble).


2. Could you please indicate the status (in terms of shading) of your sampled stands? Please answer using one of the following categories: 0 = supressed, 1 = intermediate, 2 = codominant (crown partly exposed), 3 = dominant (crown fully exposed). We'd appreciate if you could ansewr in this file and return it to us.

