Questions about the study:  Roberts2004

1. In the studyMetadata file you provided a statistics summary of your variables. While we appreciate your effort, we attempt to provide a very brief description of methods for each variable. traits and Other variables are also methodological descriptions of variables that may be included in the original datatset but are not listed within the main variables above. For example:

Leaf area,"Leaf supporting apices were counted on harvested individuals. For the 5 adult trees,  all leaves were counted attach on twigs belong to 25 apices, and leaf area was measured for a random sample of 30 leaves. For juveniles, all apices and leaves were counted, and leaf area was measured for all leaves (or a random sample of 30 leaves). From this, total leaf area was calculated per tree as the product of the mean leaf area, mean number of leaves per apex, and the total number of apici in the crown. "
Stem cross sectional area,"These were calculated from two perpendicular diameter of stem cross section at the stem base, assuming the stem cross section has a circular shape."
Height,"Height was measured as the vertical distance from stem base to highest point in the crown. For tall trees, this distance was measured for the harvested tree using a centimeter. For juveniles, height was measured on standing trees."
Crown area,"Crown width was measured in two perpendicular directions on adults, using a Suunto clino meter . Crown area was calculated, assuming an ellipsoid crown form"
Biomass,"The total leaf mass was calculated as the product of the number of apices, the average number of leaves on the twig of an apex, and the average leaf area"
traits,"On randoms samples of 30 leaves per trees, we collected the individual leaf area, leaf mass, and leaf mass per area. We determined the wood density for the adult trees from wood disks at the stem base."
Growth environment,"The five big trees were dominant trees and therefore considered fully exposed. The 10 small trees were suppressed, but came from a vareity of light conditions: from relative open gap to closed sites in the forest. Field wild"
Other variables,"We also calculated the allocation to wood (secondary growth), wood in new twig segments (primary growth), leaves and fruits. We therefore calculated the amount of biomass in the outer tree ring, based on wood disks taken at different height. We also measured the twig woody segment biomass and fruit biomass for a sample of 30 apices in tall trees, and of all apices in small trees. We could thus estimate the total biomass invested in wood, twig woody segment, leaves and fruits in the whole tree"


Could you please follow the example and do that for the variables:
1. Leaf area;From the crowns of harvested trees, all live branches were removed from each 1-meter section and separated into current year foliage and subtending twigs, and previous year’s foliage and twigs. The total fresh weight of each of the components was recorded. A random subsample of each component was weighed fresh and retained for laboratory analysis. Approximately 20 needle fascicles from both current-year and second-year foliage were collected from each crown section and returned to the lab for determination of specific leaf area (SLA). In the laboratory, subsamples were dried to a constant weight and weighed to determine fresh mass:dry mass ratios for each component in each section. Foliage was separated from twigs to determine foliage mass:wood mass ratios for each component in each section. The fresh needle samples were separated from the fascicle sheaths and projected area was determined with an optical planimeter. The samples were then dried to constant weight and weighed to determine SLA (cm2/g). Using fresh mass:dry mass ratios, foliage mass:wood mass ratios, and SLA, a projected leaf area for both current-year and second-year foliage was calculated for each 1-m crown section. Section totals were summed to get total crown LA.

2. Stem cross sectional area;Stem cross sectional areas were determined from stem diameters taken at stump height (0.3 m), 1 m, 1.37 m, and every 1 m interval up the stem. Stem diameters were measured using a diameter tape.

3. Height;Stem heights were measured on standing trees prior to felling using a clinometer to measure from the base of the stem to the tallest point on the stem. Stem height was measured again after felling by stretching a tape along the length of the stem.

4. Crown area;Crown projection area (CPA), the horizontal area of crown coverage, was calculated as the area of a circle with a diameter equal to mean crown width. Prior to felling, crown diameter on two axes (maximum and minimum) were measured by stretching a tape between the estimated crown edges as estimated by an observer standing several meters back from the tree.The two crown diameters were averaged to get the mean crown diameter.

5. traits (if applicable); Height to the base of the live crown was determined prior to felling by using a clinometer to measure the height to the lowest branches in the "predominant" crown, i.e., disregarding individual branches that occassionally occur well below the majority of the live crown.
                           Crown length was determined by subtracting the height to base of live crown from the total height of the tree.
                           
6. Other variables (if applicable).Total dry mass of woody components (stem, branches, twigs) were determined for each 1 meter section of all destructively sampled trees. Fresh weights were determined in the field, subsamples were taken, dried, and weighed to determine total dry mass of each component.



2. Could you please indicate the status (in terms of shading) of your sampled stands? Please answer using one of the following categories: 0 = supressed, 1 = intermediate, 2 = codominant (crown partly exposed), 3 = dominant (crown fully exposed). We'd appreciate if you could ansewr in this file and return it to us.

   Because the very overstocked stand was heavily thinned prior to treatments, all of the destructively sampled trees were in the codominant (2) or dominant (3) crown positions 