Questions about the study:  Yoda1978

Please look at the attached html report  Yoda1978.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: No.
Please add "(in memoriam)" after Kyoji Yoda.

It looks as if the address of Osaka City University is Higashigaoka 808-638, Kishiwada, Osaka, 596-0807, JAPAN. But accutually the University is at different location.

Could you write the address in a manner like followings so that readers can distinguish address at present and those when the study was conducted.

Contributor: Kyoji Yoda1, Masahiro Nagano1, 2
Address: 1 Osaka City University, 3-3-138 Sugimoto, Sumiyoshi-ku, Osaka 558-8585, JAPAN.
2 Present address: Higashigaoka 808-638, Kishiwada, Osaka, 596-0807, JAPAN.

If it is difficult to write present and past address, please write as follows:
Address: Osaka City University, 3-3-138 Sugimoto, Sumiyoshi-ku, Osaka 558-8585, JAPAN., Higashigaoka 808-638, Kishiwada, Osaka, 596-0807, JAPAN.



2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: Yes.

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: Yes.

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: No. Vegetation_type is TempF.

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER:Yes.

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: Yes.

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: No. Species name and family names were based on APG II but may not be consistent with the latest APG phylogeny. Therefore, we have changed species and family name according to the following reference.
Satake Y, Hara H (1989a) Wild flower of Japan Woody plants I (in Japanese). Heibonsha, Tokyo
Satake Y, Hara H (1989b) Wild flower of Japan Woody plants II (in Japanese). Heibonsha, Tokyo


8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate?
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: Yes.

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers?
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.

ANSWER: An outlier in leaf area- stem area at crown base (pink-colored point) was due to typos. We have corrected it in the Yoda1978Ver2.csv.
 Outliers in leaf area- height (pink, blue, black) are woody vine species and the values were correct. Does this datapaper gather data of woody vine species as well? If not, we would like to exclude these data.  If you include vine species as well, we recomend you to add a column to identify vines from tree species or to add some notes in Yoda1978.html to avoid misuse of the data by users.


10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: Yes.
