Metadata						TO DO: Vegetation type

O'Grady, A.P., Chen, X., Eamus, D. and Hutley, L.B. (2000) Composition, leaf area index and standing biomass of eucalypt open forests near Darwin in the Northern Territory, Australia. Australian Journal of Botany, 48, 629-638.

Latin name of species
Eucalyptus miniata, Eucalyptus tetrodonta, Eucalyptus clavigera, Erythrophloem chlorostachys and Terminalia ferdinandiana.

Size range
Stem diameter at breast height (1.3 m) ranged from 0 to 60 cm.

Number of individuals
30

Individual leaf size and Total leaf area
Leaf samples were collected and the leaf area of each sample was determined using a DeltaTleaf area meter (Delta-T Devices, Cambridge, UK). The leaf area of each tree was then estimated by developing leaf area to leaf weight relationships.

Area of sapwood, heartwood cross section and/or total stem cross section
Diameter of stem diameter was measured at breast height (1.3 m), at base and at base of crown. 5 cm wide discs were cut for determination of bark thickness. 

Total height of plant and Height of crown
Total height and height to lowest living branch was measured after felling.

Biomass;Total leaf mass, Stem mass, Sapwood, Heartwood, Bark and Branch mass
All sample trees were harvested for total leaf fresh weight and total above-ground biomass (fresh weight). Stems were cut into 1 m sections and weighed. Branches were separated according to size and weighed. Samples of all sections were dried to constant weight and weighed to obtain wet weight/dry weight ratios. 5 cm wide discs were cut for determination of bark mass and wood mass. 

Leaf mass per area
SLA were computed by leaf area and leaf mass for sampled leaves. 

Plant functional type
Evergreen angiosperms.

Growth environment of sampled plant
Field wild.

Position in forest canopy
Sampled trees were put into understorey, mid-storey and canopy height classes.

Light environment
Variability in Leaf Area Index was monitored.

Location where sampled
Humpty Doo approx. 10 km south of Howard Springs about 35 km east–south-east of Darwin in the Northern Territory of Australia.

Longitude and latitude of location
12°30´S, 130°45´E

Vegetation type


Leaf area of index
Seasonal changes in LAI were monitored at four times of the year corresponding to the wet, early dry, mid-dry and late dry/early wet periods for two complete seasonal cycles. 

Mean annual rainfall
1700 mm.