Questions about the study:  leMaire2011 

Please look at the attached html report  leMaire2011.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: NO, the address is wrong: Address: CIRAD, UMR Eco&Sols, 2 Place Viala - bat 12, 34060 Montpellier Cedex 02, France. 

2. Is your reference information correct?
If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: NO, there are confusions between family names and initials
Le Maire G., Marsden C., Verhoef W., Ponzoni F.J., Lo Seen D., Bégué A., Stape J., Nouvellon Y. 2011. Leaf area index estimation with MODIS reflectance time series and model inversion during full rotations of Eucalyptus plantations. Remote Sensing of Environment. 115(2):586-599 

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: YES

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: NO, there were problems with the coordinates, modified in the new xls file, added TropSF

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: NO, corrected

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: YES

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: NO, family is Myrtacea, Genus is Eucalyptus

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: OK, DONE in the Metadata file

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: The scatterplots stem at breast height or crown width vs. sapwood area at base only shows my data. Is it normal ?

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: I agree

11. Are branch and leaf mass fresh or dried mass?
ANSWER: Dry mass

12. It seems that the coordinates for the locations "BR171", "BR183U", "BR89", "BR178U" and "BR43E" are wrong, falling on the sea. Could you please double-check that?
ANSWER: Corrected
