Questions about the study:  Ilomaki2003 

Please look at the attached html report  Ilomaki2003.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: My name is spelled Annikki (not Anniki). My address is:

Department of Forest Sciences
P.O.Box 27 (Latokartanonkaari 7)
00014 University of Helsinki
Finland

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: ok

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: ok

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.

ANSWER: Location: Varkaus, Finland. 62o 19’ 48’’ N, 27o 51’ 36’’ E , 100 m ASL


5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: No because geographical location data are wrong. Correction provided above.

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: I don't quite understand what is meant by the codes dominant, codominant and suppressed in terms of a stand as they relate to trees, but in my understanding the sparse stand was all dominants, the medium and the dense had dominants and suppressed trees (now the medium seems to have the most dominant trees)

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: ok

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: added to file

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: The height information does not seem right in the figures. H varies within 9.8-18.5 in the data set, yet the figures show points H < 1. 

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: I agree

11. It seems that the coordinates for your location [missing] are wrong, falling on the sea (lat=69.28, lon=5.73). Could you please double-check that?
ANSWER: Yes, they have been checked and corrected (see above).
