Questions about the study:  McCulloh2010 

Please look at the attached html report  McCulloh2010.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: Yes, although beginning September 1st, my address will be Department of Botany, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53706 USA

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: Yes

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: No. I provided data for 16 species and only 3 are indicated.

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: For the species shown, yes, but not for the other 13 species. 

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: Yes, but again, only for 3 species indicated.

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: No. growing condition for all species (those shown and not yet shown) is FW. Status has been added to data file (mcculloh2010.csv).

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: these have been added to mcculloh2010.cvs. 

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: done.

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: no. Leaf area reported in data file is for whole sapling, not 1 leaf. 

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: yes

11. Was stem diameter measured at base, breast height or crown base?
ANSWER: base

12. What about sapwood area, which we suspect was measured in cm2 and not m2 - could you please double-check that?
ANSWER: I believe all units are correct. However, when I take the log of the sapwood area listed in the data file, I don't get 10-8 as is shown. I get values closer to 10-4, which seems much more reasonable. I'm not sure what's going wrong there. 

13.  
ANSWER: 
