Questions about the study:  Ishihara0000

Please look at the attached html report  Ishihara0000.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: Yes.

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: Yes.

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: Yes.

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: No. We added Vegetation_type(updated file is Ishihara0000Ver2.csv).
For the location missing the latitude and longitude, we could not define the value because they were not reported in the reference.
Location name "Japan-Tanashi Experimental Field, Tokyo University-_-10" was corrected to "Japan-Tanashi Experimental Field, Tokyo University-II-10".

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: "Japan-Ise shrine Forest" were located wrongly and we updated longitude and latitude data (updated file is Ishihara0000Ver2.csv).

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER:  Yes.

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: No. Species name and family names were based on APG II but may not be consistent with the latest APG phylogeny. Therefore, we have changed species and family name according to the following reference (updated file is Ishihara0000Ver2.csv).
.
Satake Y, Hara H (1989a) Wild flower of Japan Woody plants I (in Japanese). Heibonsha, Tokyo
Satake Y, Hara H (1989b) Wild flower of Japan Woody plants II (in Japanese). Heibonsha, Tokyo

In 'The Philippines-Aras-asan-A4', last 6 trees were not Albizia falcata. Species were unknown. We have updated the species and family name.



8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate?
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: Yes.



9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers?
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: We checked and corrected outliers (updated file is Ishihara0000Ver2.csv).
Corrected data are as follows:

Line number=741       a.lf was corrected.

Line number=1359-1397  age was corrected to NA because exact tree age were missing in the original reference.

Line number=984   Because stem diameter at the crown base was probably reported wrongly in the original reference, we corrected a.stbc =NA.

Line number=422 & 427  Unit of stem, branch, leaf mass were wrong and the values were corrected.


For other outliers, we did not find any typos. They were digitized correctly from the original references.
Some of outliers were
1) woody vine (lianas) species that fall as outliers in the plot with tree height. Does this datapaper cover woody vines? If not, we would like to exclude data of vine species.

2) Multiple stemmed trees
 For example, line number=1584-1589 are multiple stems of a single tree individual. Root mass reported in line number 1584 is the mass for 1584-1589 stems, but looks like as if stem of 1584 has exceptionally large root mass compared to other trees with same dbh.

 We recomend to add a column that indicate whether data comes from multiple stemmed trees or single stemmed trees.



10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: Yes.



11. The dbh for some of the points in your collection seem to be in cm, whereas the remainder are in m. Specifically, the points on lines 1976-2011 of the dataset you sent are outliers. We can correct the units, but perhaps you would like to make the correction in your own file and send us an updated version?
ANSWER: Sorry. We reported dbh in cm for lines 1976-2011. We have corrected it in the updated file.

12. We should include the original references for this compilation. Can you please add the reference details in a single column called "Notes"?
ANSWER:  Yes. We added in Ishihara0000Ver2.csv.
