Questions about the study:  Parviainen1999 

Please look at the attached html report  Parviainen1999.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: My name is spelled Annikki (not Anniki). My address is:

Department of Forest Sciences
P.O.Box 27 (Latokartanonkaari 7)
00014 University of Helsinki
Finland

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: ok, abstract missing. Here is a short abstract for the purpose of this data set:

The objective of this study was to analyse the above-ground structure of birch (Betula pendula) for testing structural hypotheses used in process-based growth models. 12 dominant trees from stands of different height were measured for foliage, branch and stem biomass and crown structure.  Allometric functions were derived to predict leaf mass, lear area and branch mass from cross-sectional area at breast height and crown base as well as from crown length and crown surface area.

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: ok.

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: Location: Juupajoki, Finland, (61°51’ N, 17°29’ E) 

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: location was not provided, but see above.

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: Growing condition = FW, Status = 2 

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: ok

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: 

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: seems ok

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: 
