Questions about the study:  Kantola2004 

Please look at the attached html report  Kantola2004.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct? 
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: YES

2. Is your reference information correct? 
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: YES

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: Data for 29 individuals from 3 locations in Finland covering 1 species.


4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: 
     location longitude latitude vegetation
8596  Finland (Heinola) 26 61 BorF
8596  Finland (Punkaharju) 29 61 BorF
8596  Finland (Lapinjärvi) 26 60 BorF


5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: 


6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: 
     location growingCondition  status
8596  Finland (Heinola) 0-3
8596  Finland (Punkaharju) 0-3
8596  Finland (Lapinjärvi) 3

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: 
      species  family pft
1 Picea abies Pinaceae EG


8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: 

Sampling strategy: The trees were sampled according to the
stem cumulative basal area distribution in each plot (more accurate description in the article).
 

Leaf area:  Calculated by the crown width measurements. Crown width was measured in two directions ; the maximum width and the wodth perpendicular to it. 
Projected crown area eas estimated as a circle, of which the diameter was the mean of these two measurements.

Stem cross sectional area: Calculated by stem diameter the crown base of the living crown. The stem measured in two directions using a slide gauge.

Height: The sample trees were felled and tree height was measured by tape measure from the base of the trunk to the tip of the crown

Crown area: Estimatd as a circle by the measurements of the crown width (Crown width was measured in two directions ; the maximum width and the wodth perpendicular to it).

Biomass: The foliage and branch wood biomasses were estimated for each branch in the crown using the measurements of ten randomly sampled branches. 
The fresh sample branches were measured in the field and then oven dried. Th dry mass of needles and branch wood was then determined.
The stem basic density estimated from five sample discs (at crown base, 1.3 m, 30%, 70%, and 90% height). The randomly cut sample sectors were separated into sapwood, heartwood
and bark fragments, which were measured for volume by immersion, and then oven dried and weighed.

traits: In the young stand (Lapinjärvi), 5 trees
were sampled from an unthinned plot, while in each of the two
older stands (Heinola and Punkaharju), a total of 12 trees were sampled from 3 plots
with different thinning treatments, including unthinned
control (5 trees sampled), normal commercial thinning (4
trees sampled), and intensive thinning (3 trees sampled).

Growth environment: The site type classified by the  method of Cajander (1949) and Vuokila and Väliaho (1980)

Other variables: Please provide ...


9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: The data seems to fit within the rest of the dataset.No outliers.

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: yes
