Dear Daniel,


You will find below my answer to each question.


Questions about the study:  Epron2011

Please look at the attached html report  Epron2011.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.

ANSWER: Incomplete. My address is indicated below.

Data contributor: Jean-Paul Laclau.
Email: jean-paul.laclau@cirad.fr.
Address: CIRAD, UMR Eco&Sols, 2 place Viala, Bat. 12, 34060 Montpellier cedex 2, France


2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: No

The correct reference is:
Epron D., Laclau J.-P., Almeida J.C.R., Gonìalves J.L.M., Ponton S., Sette Jr C.R., Delgado-Rojas J.S., Bouillet J.-P., Nouvellon Y., 2012. Do changes in carbon allocation account for the growth response to potassium and sodium applications in tropical Eucalyptus plantations? Tree Physiology 32:667-679


3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.

ANSWER: Yes

Overview of data provided
Data for 216 individuals from 1 locations covering 1 species.
The dataset includes 1 species belonging to 1 family(ies), presenting 1 functional type(s), growing in 1 condition(s) within 1 major type(s) of habitat:
In fact, Eucalyptus is a genus and the family should be « Myrtaceae ». This information has been corrected in the file « Epron 2012_cor JPL.csv ».


4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: No
Location data
location 		longitude     		latitude 	 vegetation
Itatinga, E102    	48°37'47.91"O	23° 2'41.50"S 	 missing

Vegetation missing: Wo

It might be better to indicate « Tropical forest plantation » but this variable is not in the file « Variable.definition.csv »


5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.

ANSWER: Yes.



6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.

ANSWER: ok.

It might also be FE (= field experimental).
Growing conditions have been briefly described in the file « studyMetadata_JPL.csv ».


7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: No

Species: Eucalyptus  grandis (W. Hill ex Maiden)
Family: Myrtaceae
Pft : EA

This information has been corrected in the file « Epron 2012_cor JPL.csv ».

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate?
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.

ANSWER: This information has been added in the file « studyMetadata_JPL.csv » attached.



9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers?
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.

ANSWER: Everything seems correct, except some units that I have corrected in the file « Epron 2012_cor JPL.csv ». Moreover, I have removed the values of fine root biomass in this file. Indeed the fine root biomass was measured down to a depth of 3 m in Epron et al. (2012) and a recent study in an adjacent experiment showed that the fine root biomass below a depth of 3 m is large. The total fine root biomass was therefore understimated in Epron et al. (2012) and it is better to remove this information from the database.


10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here

ANSWER: yes


11. At what height the cross-section measurements for sapwood, heartwood, bark and total stem were taken (soil, breast height, crown base)?

ANSWER: sapwood, heartwood:  measurements at breast height. The name of the variable in « Epron 2012_cor JPL.csv » has been modified.
Wood, bark and total stem biomasses were measured for the whole stem, not at a specific height (trees were cut and the whole stem was weighed).



12. Could you please confirm if what you call h.c is crown depth or height of the plant to the first bearing leaf?

ANSWER: The name of the variables h.c and c.d has been modified in « Epron 2012_cor JPL.csv ».
h.c is is now height to the first bearing leaf.
c.d is now crown depth.



13. It seems that the units you provided for crown.area (a.cp) might be wrong. You provided m2 but we suspect there is a wrong calculation in the original excel file. Could you please double-check this information?

ANSWER: Sorry, the unit was wrong and the values have been corrected. There are now expressed in m2.

The variable « d.bh » has been added in the file « data_cor JPL.csv ».


I hope that my reply was clear. Do not hesitate to contact me by email if you need more information. I will be on vacation in July but I’ll remail my email every 2-3 days.

With best regards,

Jean-Paul
