Metadata			TO DO: a.cp, a.cs

Monserud, R.A. and Marshall, J.D. (1998) Allometric crown relations in three nothern Idaho conifer species. Canadian Journal of Forest Research, 29, 521-535.

Latin name of species
Pseudotsuga menziesii (Mirb.) Franco var. glauca, Pinus ponderosa Dougl. ex Laws., Pinus monticola Dougl. ex D. Don.

Size range
14-123 years old.

Number of individuals
64

Individual leaf size and Total leaf area 
Small leaf samples were collected for leaf area determination. Their projected leaf area was determined by analysis of a video image using the Mocha image analysis program (Jandal Scientific). Foliage areas were then scaled to branch and total tree level.

Area of sapwood, heartwood cross section and/or total stem cross section
A series of diameters at breast height, crown base, and midpoint of each quarter, was measured for each stem. Disks at breast height, 10% of total height (form point), and base of each crown quarter were cut and analysed for sapwood and heartwood measurements. 
The stem cross-sections were measured along the longest and shortest radii from pith to cambium and the quadratic mean radius was then calculated. From this sapwood and heartwood thickness were measured. Sapwood area was received by subtracting heartwood area from total cross sectional area.

Projected crown area and crown surface area

Total height of plant and Height of crown
Total height and height to crown base from the ground as well as the crown lenght from the tip to the base of the live crown (the lowest contiguous live whorl above the two highest consecutive dead whorls) were measured for each individual.

Biomass;Total leaf mass and Branch mass
Two branches were randomly sampled from each quarter of the crown. Needle dry masses on the sample branches were determined by plucking the leaves from the dried branches by hand, re dried and weighed. Masses where then scaled to branch and total tree leaf mass.
All remaining live branches in the crown quarter were then weighed in bulk in the field (green mass). Adding the mass of the two sample branches to this bulk green mass resulted in a total green mass of branches in the given crown quarter. Mass of dried branches then gives a drymass/wetmass ratio and total branch mass could be estimated.

Leaf mass per area
A sample of needles was removed from the branch radially opposite the sample branch. Specific leaf area (SLA; cm2·g–1) was then calculated from the ratio of projected area to dry mass.

Plant functional type
Evergreen gymnosperms

Growth environment of sampled plant
Field, experimental.

Location where sampled
the Priest River Experimental Forest (PREF) in the panhandle of northern Idaho, USA.

Longitude and latitude of location
48°21'N, 116°45'–116°50'W

Vegetation type
Boreal forest.