Questions about the study:  Yamada1996 

Please look at the attached html report  Yamada1996.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: YES

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: YES

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: YES

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: YES

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: YES

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: status a primay hill dipterocarp forest

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: pft = a late successional species appers in a primary forest
family = Malvaceae

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: Sampling strategy:  Trees without any evidence of breakage were collected from closed stands.
Leaf area:  Leaf areas were measured for 108 leaves taken from 11 sample trees of 37 cm to 1870 cm in height. 

Stem cross sectional area: Measured by a caliper in two directions

Height: Measured by a measuring tape

Crown area: Measured by a measuring tape

Biomass: Fresh weights were measured and some samples were oven dried and weighed. and the fresh weights were later converted to oven dry weights.

traits: A species with moderately shade tolerance

Growth environment: A species with moderately shade tolerance


Other variables: Please provide ...


9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: YES

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: I agree 
