Questions about the study:  Whittaker1974 

Please look at the attached html report  Whittaker1974.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: YES 

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: YES

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: YES, but why is it that in the data.csv file, each tree has a different "dataset" value.  it looks like the year increases from 1974 for each subsequent record.  This is misleading.  If each tree needs a unique value, it should begin with 01 perhaps, not 1974.

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: No missing data

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: Looks correct

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: 
MAP = 1,395 mm/yr. Standard deviation = 189
MAT = 5.5C. Standard deviation = 0.61C

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: Yes

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER:Correct 

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: The data appear to fall within the distribution in all graphs; there is one consistent low-mass outlier, but we have previously noticed it is a mild outlier within our data set, and have found no reason to doubt it as erroneous.  Plots of tree dimension and mass against age show that our data set is on the low end of the distribution, which is expected as these forests are slow growing in a global context.

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: Yes we agree
