Metadata					TO DO: pft
 
Valladares, F., Wright, S.J., Lasso, E., Kitajima, K. and Pearcy, R.W. (2004) Plastic phenotypic response to light of 16 congeneric shrubs from a panamanian rainforest. Ecology, 81(7), 1925-1936.

/underline{Species}: ???
Psychotria acuminata, Psychotria brachiata, Psychotria marginata, Psychotria chagrensis, Psychotria emetica, Psychotria gracilifora, Psychotria grandis, Psychotria horizontalis, Psychotria ipecacuan, Psychotria limonensis, Psychotria micrantha, Psychotria pittieri, Psychotria psychotrif, Psychotria pubescens, Psychotria racemosa.

Size range
2.1 to 81 cm in height.

Number of individuals
559

/underline{Leaf area}: ???
Leaf area was measured with a portable LI-COR Model 3000 area meter (LI-COR, Lincoln, Nebraska, USA) before drying.

Area of total stem cross section
Diameter of stem was measured on each individual.

/underline{Crown area}: ???and surface area of crown 
Areas were estimated for each individual.

/underline{Height}: ??? and Height of crown
Heights were measured on each individual.

/underline{Biomass}: ???Total leaf mass, Stem mass, Branch mass, Root mass 
Leaves, petioles, stems, branches and roots of each plant were dried separatly to a constant mass and weighed.

Leaf mass per area
Mass per area was calculated for each individual.

Plant functional type

/underline{Growth environment}: ???
Shade houses in experimental field.

Light environment
PPFD was measured using Model G1118 GaAsP photocells (Hanamatsu, Bridgewater, New Jersey, USA) connected to a Model 21X datalogger (Campbell Scientific, Logan, Utah, USA).

Treatment
High light, medium light and low light environment. The tree light environments were created using neutral density shade cloth,

Location where sampled
screened growing house at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute Station on Barro Colorado Island (BCI, Panama)

Latitude and longitude of location
9°9'N, 79°51'W

Vegetation type
Tropical Rainforest.