Questions about the study:  O'Hara1995 

Please look at the attached html report  O'Hara1995.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: CORRECT

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: CORRECT

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: NOTE THE FOLLOWING IS INCORRECT: "Data for 114 individuals from 1 locations covering 1 species."  SHOULD BE "Data 
for 114 individuals from 2 locations covering 1 species."

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: NOT CORRECT SEE THE FOLLOWING:
Study area 1: Western Montana, USA; approximate: Long 113.984, Lat 46.858
Study area 2: central Oregon, USA: approximate: Long 121.627, Lat 43.710
Note, these are central locations of broad study areas

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: 

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: STAND DESCRIPTION: Multiaged ponderosa pine stands on range of soils and plant associations. 

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: Family = Pinaceae, PFT = Needleleaf evergree

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: SEE SEPARATE FILE

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: WE DID NOT Have sapwood data at crown base so the one graph that shows our data as outliers is incorrect. We should have no data on that graph.

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: I agree

11. It seems that the units you provided for leaf area might be wrong. You provided m2 but we suspect it may be cm2. Could you please double-check this information? The original indicates m2 indeed, but maybe the original dataset is expressed in cm2?
ANSWER: should be m2, but should be specified as "all-sided leaf area"
