Questions about the study:  Valladares2000 

Please look at the attached html report  Valladares2000.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: YES

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: YES

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: YES

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: YES

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: YES

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: 

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: FAMILY IS RUBIACEAE AND FUNCTIONAL TYPE IS SHRUB

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: 
Seeds of 16 tropical rainforest shrub species belonging
to the genus Psychotria (Rubiaceae) were
planted in 50-L pots containing a 50:50 mixture of
forest topsoil and river sand. Pots were placed in a
screened growing house at the Smithsonian Tropical
Research Institute Station on Barro Colorado Island
(BCI, Panama). Plants were maintained under natural
air temperature and relative humidity, and were watered
daily with an automatic irrigation system.
Three light environments were created with neutral
density shade cloth, providing a range of total daily
photosynthetic photon flux densities (PPFD) similar to
those experienced by natural populations.

Three individuals of each species were harvested
from each light treatment. Leaves, petioles, stems,
branches, and roots of each plant were dried to a constant
mass at 708C. Leaf area was measured with a
portable LI-COR Model 3000 area meter (LI-COR,
Lincoln, Nebraska, USA) before drying. Seven variables
were considered: leaf mass per unit area, leaf area
ratio (total leaf surface area per whole plant mass, m2/
kg), supporting biomass (percentage of aboveground
plant mass represented by petioles, branches, and
stems), root:shoot ratio (root mass per shoot mass, g/
g), photosynthetic capacity (Amax, mmol CO2·m22·s21),
dark respiration (mmol O2·m22·s21), and aboveground
relative growth rate (RGR, mg·g21·wk21). Length and
diameter of all stems, branches, and petioles, and the
surface area of all leaves were measured as soon as the
plants had two to three fully developed leaves. The
aboveground biomass of each plant was then calculated
from allometric relationships obtained in parallel, destructive
measurements carried out in replicate seedlings.
The process was repeated on the very same plants
each month for fast-growing plants and every two
months for slow-growing plants in order to calculate
the aboveground biomass increase as a function of
time.

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: YES, THEY LOOK CORRECT

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: I AGREE

11. It seems that the units you provided for leaf mass per area might be wrong. You provided kg.m2 but we suspect it may be g.cm2. Vould you please double-check this information? We couldn't find it in the original paper unfortunately.
ANSWER: YES YOU ARE RIGHT

12. Same thing for wood density, we suspect it may be kg/l and not g/l(=kg/m3). Could you please double check?
ANSWER: YES YOU ARE RIGHT
