\underline{Contact}: ???

Rodriguez, R., Espinosa, M., Hofmann, G. and Machant, M. (2003) Needle mass, fine root and stem wood production in response to silvicultural treatment, tree size and competitive status in radiata pine stands. Forest Ecology and Management, 186, 287-296.

/underline{Species}: ???
Pinus radiata.

Size range
Stem diameter at breast height (1.30 m) ranged from 18.1 to 53.6. 

Number of individuals
36.

/underline{Leaf area}: ???
The crown was divided vertically in thirds and random branches were sampled. Needles from the sampled branches were measured for leaf area using a Li-Cor 3100. The sum of the area for the sections corresponds to the total projected leaf area.

Area of sapwood, heartwood cross section and/or total stem cross section
Stem diameter was measured at breast height (1.30 m). 2 to 3 cm thick disks were cut at stump height (0.30 cm), DBH, and every 3.5 m there above, including a disk at the base of the live crown.

/underline{Crown area}: ???
Crown projection in all four cardinal directions were measured prior to felling.

/underline{Height}: ???
Total height (including stump height) and live crown height were measured after felling.

/underline{Biomass}: ???Total leaf mass, Stem mass, Sapwood, Heartwood, Bark and Branch mass, Fine root, Coarse root and Total root mass
The crown was divided vertically in thirds and branches from each section were weighed separately. A sample of three random branches from each third were dried to obtain drymass estimates. Nine branches from each tree were sampled to estimate mass of twigs and foliage. 

Leaf mass per area
Leaf mass per area was estimated from the projected area and mass of the subsample of needles.

Average density of all stem tissue, density of stem sapwood, of stem bark and of stem heartwood
To determine wood density, stem disks were immersed in water to obtain fresh volume, dried until a constant weight, and then reweighed. Wood density was determined by dividing the dry mass by the fresh volume.

Plant functional type
Evergreen gymnosperm.

/underline{Growth environment}: ???
Plantation managed

Position in forest canopy
Sample trees were divided into intermediate, co-dominant and dominant crown classes.

Location where sampled
Tanume, community of Pichilemu, VI Region, Chile.

Latitude and longitude of location
34∞9'Sñ34∞15'S, 72∞53'Wñ72∞59'W. 

Vegetation type
Temperate forest.

Mean annual rainfall
700 mm.

Mean annual temperature
Minimum average temperature of 8.6 ∞C in July and a maximum average temperature of 15.4 ∞C in January.