Questions about the study:  Saldana-Acosta2009 

Please look at the attached html report  Saldana-Acosta2009.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: Yes, mi contact information is correct
2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: Yes, is correct

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: Yes, the number of records is correct

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: No, de location data is not complete
        Location: Las Joyas Scientific Station,Sierra
de Manantla´n Biosphere Reserve, Jalisco State, western Mexico  
         elevation 1800–2100 m 
         Vegetation type: cloud forest  
                    

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: Yes, the location fall in the right spot 

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: Yes de description is correct

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: Species data are correct, but pft data are missing

Citharexylum mocinnii D. Don                photosynthetic epigeal (PE)
Dendropanax arboreus(L.) Decne. et Planch   photosynthetic epigeal (PE) 
Fraxinus uhdei (Wenz.) Lingelsh.            photosynthetic epigeal (PE)  
Juglans major (Torr.) Heller J              storage hypogeal       (SH) 
Magnolia iltisiana A. Va´zquez              storage epigeal        (SE)
Persea hintonii C.K. Allen                  storage epigeal        (SE)
Quercus salicifolia Nee                     storage hypogeal       (SH)   
Simplococarpon purpusii(Brandegee) Kobuski  photosynthetic epigeal (PE)


8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: Yes, ten information is complete and accurate

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: Yes, the data fall well within the rest of the dataset

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: I agree
