Questions about the study:  Roth2007 

Please look at the attached html report  Roth2007.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: YES

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: YES

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: YES

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: The destructive harvest biomass data originated from four experimental locations:

Location                 Species       Latitude/Longitude        Soil Order   Site Elevation
Sanderson, Florida       Loblolly pine 29.28  -82.33              Spodosol     45 m 
Waverly, Georgia         Loblolly pine 31.13  -81.75              Ultisol      10 m 

Perry, Florida           Slash pine    30.17  -83.73              Spodosol     15 m 
Waldo, Florida           Slash pine    29.80  -82.21              Spodosol     50 m   

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: Not included on first draft of report for Roth2007

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: All biomass data originated four field-grown plantations that were established using a common experimental design that included block plantings consisting of different full-sib families, two planting densities (2990 st/ha, 1334 st/ha) and two levels of silvicultural treatment intensity (high, low, based on level of nutrient additions and understory competition control).  
        The soils, lat/long. and site elevation are listed above.  All study location shared a subtropical and humid climate with long hot, wet summers and mild winters.  Long-term precipitation has averaged 1384 mm/yr.  
7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: The species data are listed above.  The age 2 destructively harvested biomass data consisted of 47 loblolly pine trees from two full-sib families (L2, L4) and 60 slash pine trees from two full-sib families (S1, S6). All trees at age 2 yr were harvested across each of the four culture-density whole plots on two sites for each speces.  The age 5 harvest consisted of 54 loblolly pine trees from the 2990 st/ha planting density over both contrasting silvicultural treatments at Sanderson, FL and the intensive cultural treatment at Waverly, GA.
   

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: Within each harvest year, sample trees free of damage and disease, were selected at random from across the diameter distribution representative of each treatment and site. Prior to harvest, an inventory was completed on each sample tree consisting of HT, DBH, diameter at ground line, and crown width at the widest point parallel to, and perpendicular to the
planting bed. Sample trees were felled at ground line using a hand saw, placed on a tarp and separated into four aboveground components: foliage, branches, stem and dead branches. The total fresh weight of each component was measured separately in the field. The fraction of bark to stem components was estimated from 6 cm disks of wood, cut from the base of each ofthree equally spaced stem segments along the full length of the
stem. Bark was separated from each disk and the fresh weight of each was determined in the field. Tissue samples were transported from the field and dried to a constant weight at 70o C.

For stand level traits, 
Needlefall (NF) was collected an average of six times per year over a three year period (June 2003 to February 2007) to estimate leaf area index (projected LAI).   Within each family measurement plot, six circular littertraps (1.0 m2 each) were deployed, with half randomly positioned along the bed and inner bed positions.  Litter was almost exclusively pine foliage (> 98%) and was separated from other pine material (branch, bark, twigs and cones), oven dried at 70C and weighed to the nearest 0.1 g.
>
> Foliar biomass accretion was modeled using logistic equations fitted to measured NF data (Kinerson et al., 1974; Dougherty et al., 1995).  This approach assumed that: (1) within a given year all needles that formed had died and senesced from the tree by February 28, two calendar years following their formation (i.e. maximum needle lifespan was no greater than two years), and (2) that the accretion curve was not affected by family or location, (3) and the phenological year for foliage accretion began on March 1 (Martin and Jokela, 2004a).  Therefore, total NF in a given phenological year (March 1 - February 28) represented total needle production in the previous year.  In this study, we were able to calculate foliage biomass accretion over a two year period (ages 4 to 5 yrs).  Needlefall data were corrected for losses due to senescence, which were estimated to be 14% for loblolly pine (Dalla-Tea and Jokela, 1991).  Projected LAI was calculated as the product of NF mass (based on 1.0 m2 litter traps) and family level specific leaf areas (SLA) measured within each location.  Specific leaf area (m2 g-1) was determined using the volume displacement method (Johnson, 1984) on foliar samples that were collected from individual families in the fall of 2003.
>
>
Annual measurements of DBH were made at ages 2, 3, and 5 years on all trees in the measurement plots. Total height (HT) was measured on every tree at ages 2 and 3, but was limited to a
representative 20% sub-sample at age 5. Individual tree HT at age 5 was determined from site and treatment specific HT versus DBH relationships developed from this sub-sample.  The inventory data were applied to allometric equations developed from site-specific destructively harvested data.  Corrections for bias in the transformation of logarithmic to arithmetic units were done (Baskerville, 1972). 


9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: The data appear fine.  The LAI estimates in the Roth et al. data set were projected estimates using needlefall data.   

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: Yes, I agree.









The Abstract should read:
Abstract
Few studies have quantified the combined effects of silvicultural treatments and genetic improvement on unit area production of full-sib family
blocks of loblolly (Pinus taeda L.) and slash pine (P. elliottii Engelm. var. elliotttii). Efficient operational deployment of genetic materials requires
an understanding of possible site and silvicultural treatment interactions to maximize yield potential. We examined genotype (family) by
environmental interactions (G  E) through age 5 years using a factorial experiment consisting of silvicultural treatment intensity (operational
versus intensive), planting density (1334 versus 2990 trees ha1) and families (seven elite full-sib loblolly and six elite full-sib slash pine families).
In January of 2000, randomized complete block, split-plot experiments were installed at two locations for each species in southeast Georgia and
northeast Florida. Five years after planting, both loblolly and slash pine demonstrated significant interactions among several factors:
genotype  location ( p < 0.028 and p < 0.016, respectively), genotype  silvicultural treatment intensity ( p < 0.055 and p < 0.059), and
silvicultural treatment intensity  density ( p < 0.002 and p < 0.001) for basal area (BA) and standing stem volume (VOL). Genotype
 silvicultural treatment interactions were positive, with the best overall performing families responding the greatest to intensive treatment.
There were changes in slash pine family rankings between locations, which were partly explained by reductions in growth associated with a
combination of fusiform rust infection [Cronartium quercum (Berk.) Miyabe ex Shirai f. sp. fusiforme] and wind damage from the 2004 hurricane
season. No three-way interactions, which included family, were evident and all genetic sources were stable across the contrasting planting
densities. At age 5, loblolly pine outperformed slash pine ( p < 0.0001), especially under the intensive silvicultural intensity. While loblolly
performance was similar whether deployed in mixtures or pure family blocks, slash pine tended to be more productive in intimate mixtures than
when grown in pure family blocks ( p = 0.0754 for aboveground biomass).