Questions about the study:  King1994 

Please look at the attached html report  King1994.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: 845 SW 10th St., Corvallis, OR 97333 USA

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: Yes

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: Yes, roughly so.

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: Location: Barro Colorado Island, Panama

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: 79.85 degrees W longitude, 9.15 degrees N latitude

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: Saplings in understory and gaps of tropical humid forest on Barro Colorado Island, Panama

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: Species/genus names are those used by King (1994). Since then, Tachigalia versicolor has changed to Tachigali versicolor.
Families are: 
Calophyllum - Clusiaceae
Herrania - Sterculaceae
Protium - Burseraceae
Alseis - Rubiaceae
Trichilia - Meliaceae
Tachigali - Fabaceae/caes.
Cecropia - Cecropiaceae
Miconia - Melastomaceae
Palicourea - Rubiaceae 

Plant functional types: All are trees, but Palicourea, which is considered a shrub - usually < 5 m tall. 

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: Metadata added.

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: The patterns look reasonable.

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: I agree.
