Questions about the study:  Bond-Lamberty2002 

Please look at the attached html report  Bond-Lamberty2002.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: Yes.

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please provide correct information.
ANSWER: Yes.

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: Yes.

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide any items marked 'missing' here. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: Yes.

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with updated longitude and latitude data.
ANSWER: Yes.

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide more information? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.
ANSWER: No. All "Site=D1995" or "Site=D1998" or "Site=W????" (W1964, W1981, etc.) records should be status=3 (dominant). All "Site=D1850" or "Site=D1930" records should be status=0 (suppressed). All other records should be status=1 (intermediate).

7. Is the 'Species data' correct, i.e. name, family, plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please provide details where possible.
ANSWER: No, should be as follows:
              species  family     pft
1 Populus tremuloides Salicaceae DA
2   Betula papyrifera Betulaceae DA
3       Picea mariana Pinaceae EG
4     Pinus banksiana Pinaceae EG
5      Larix laricina Pinaceae DG
6           Salix spp Salicaceae DA

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of the methods used for each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it important, add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: No. metadata.csv "Leaf area" modified.

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all information is correct.
ANSWER: No; there's clearly a problem with the height variable. Corrected.

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
	 Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'yes' or 'I agree' here
ANSWER: I agree.

11. As you can see, some of the plots involving height contain outliers for your dataset. The height column in the data you sent seems to have a mix of units (cm, m). Could you please review the data and send us a copy with a single unit?
ANSWER: No, height is correct in the data I sent (double-checked). I don't know why the report plot is showing such tiny diameters; please see my separate email to Dr. Falster about this. From that email: "The report plot shows 'height' for my data falling between 10^-2 and 10^-1 m, basically. This is not correct. In the actual data file, however, the values are correct: the 'h.t' variable in BondLamberty2002.csv is has a range of 0.009 and 17.75 m, which matches exactly what I sent in the original data (0.9 to 1775 cm; note very large range). So as far as I can see, there seems to be some artifact in either your data processing or plotting. But please, tell me if I'm missing something."
