Questions about the study:  Lusk2012 

Please look at the attached html report  Lusk2012.html  and answer the following questions. Type your answers directly into this file, or into the other files as indicated.

1. Is your contact information correct?
	If not, could you please revise the information in the attached studyContact.csv file and send it to us?
ANSWER: Yes

2. Is your reference information correct?
	If not, could you please revise the information in the attached studyRef.bib file and send it to us?
ANSWER: Yes

3. Does the number of records for each variable seem reasonable based on the datafile you provided?
	 For your interest, the raw data file you originally sent us and the cleaned data file are both attached.
ANSWER: Yes

4. Is 'Location data' complete?
	 If not, could you please provide the missing information in the attached file dataNew.csv. The codes and legends for Vegetation_type are provided in the file Variable.definition.csv, also attached.
ANSWER: No. Firstly, "mat" is missing from the table, showing as "????". Secondly, the data in this paper actually come from 5 sites (4 in Chile, 1 in New Zealand), not all from the single site shown on the map.

5. Do your locations fall in the right spot in both world and country map?
	 If not, please outline the issues here and provide us with update locationcation data.
ANSWER: See above. The data come from 5 sites, not one.

6. Is the 'Stand description' complete?
	 If not, could you please fill in the missing information in dataNew.csv? Codes and legends for Growing_condition and Status are found within Variable.definition.csv file attached.  
ANSWER: No. There is only this message: "Error: undefined columns selected"

7. Is the 'Species data' correct? What about plant functional type (pft)?  
	 If not, please correct the data in dataNew.csv and check the relevant codes for pft in Variable.definition.csv. The dataNew.csv allows us to incorporate your changes into our dataset using a lookup table. The columns of this file are as follows
		lookupVariable is the name of the variable in the parent data we want to match against. If left blank, change all rows.
		lookupValue is the value of lookupVariable to match against
		newVariable is the variable to be changed
		newValue is the value of newVariable for matched rows
		source includes any notes about where the data came from (e.g., who made the change).
ANSWER: Families are not given for any species, but PFTs are all correctly identified. "dataNew.csv" is empty!

8. Is the 'Methods' information complete and accurate? 
	 If not, could you please provide the missing infomration in Metadata.csv file attached? These Metadata should be a short description (up to 4 lines) of each of the items listed. Additional items not listed in the report are not needed, but if you judge it really important add it to 'Other variables'.
ANSWER: Yes

9. Please review the plots showing how your data compares to other data in the study. Does your data fall well within the rest of the dataset?  Are there outliers? 
	 If so, could you please review the original data file you provided us with and verify that all iformation is correct.
ANSWER: Looks pretty good to me.

10. The data archived with the publication will be archived under the  Creative Commons Zero (CC0) licence (http://creativecommons.org/about/cc0). This is the same license used by a number of data repositories, such as datadryad (http://datadryad.org/pages/policies).
Please indicate that you understand what this means and agree to this by answering 'I agree' here
ANSWER: Yes.
